Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment. I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes. Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.

You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies. This one time, this one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs. It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men.

Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you. Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you. Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? Do me this favor. I won't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They'll tell you I know how to return a favor.

We're both part of the same hypocrisy, senator, but never think it applies to my family. Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship. I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart! My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.

I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything. My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you. I see you took the name of the town. What was your father's name?

Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first? Don't ever give an order like that again. Not while I'm alive. Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child. Te salut, Don Corleone.

Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! What's wrong with being a lawyer? You can act like a man! I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense.