Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. I don't trust a doctor who can hardly speak English. I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over!

This one time, this one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs. What's the matter with you? Is this what you've become, a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a woman? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that nonsense? Ridiculous! My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.

Friends and money - oil and water. You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment. What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child.

What's wrong with being a lawyer? Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane! Leave the gun. Take the cannoli. When they come... they come at what you love. I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!

I see you took the name of the town. What was your father's name? Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything. It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men. Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind. It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.

The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out. Never let anyone know what you are thinking. It's not personal. It's business. Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first?

We're both part of the same hypocrisy, senator, but never think it applies to my family. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. Don't ever give an order like that again. Not while I'm alive. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Is that why you slapped my brother around in public?

Te salut, Don Corleone. Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you. Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful? Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. You can act like a man!