Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child. Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in. You can act like a man! Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.

We're both part of the same hypocrisy, senator, but never think it applies to my family. Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. It's not personal. It's business. Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful?

What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator.

Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you. I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense. I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!

My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. Te salut, Don Corleone. Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry.

Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. It's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes. Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright?